And the next section we're going to be building.
It's going to be quote section where we're actually going to be using a our carousel.
So again first things are still going to build a section and then we're actually going to add a jack
work plug in our carousel.
So we're going to do this again we're going to go to where is the pricing section.
You know we're going to create hear a comment and we're going to say this is going to be quote.
And so the line copy paste.
Right.
And of quote You know this and then we're going to say that section right.
And we're going to have an ID of quotes like this.
And then once we have the section first things first we would want a title right.
So we're going to skip over here and we're going to find it.
Where is actually our title here.
So if this was the pricing and so against just get this this title here come and see.
So I'm going to copy this one.
I'm going to go back over here and you can see that actually here in the quote I'm going to copy and
paste this right and all he'll then have a icon.
Right.
And this is going to be a comment.
This is going to be our font or some I can comment on here it's going to say our amazing and we're going
to say what they say.
So instead of our amazing prices we're going to say what they say and say what they were going to say
say.
And then once we're done with this we actually would want to start working with our main section in
all year with them end of title.
First we're going to create a div and there is going to have a class quote here and center and then
we're going to add two things that we actually going to be using for Alcoa or so.
So maybe right now they're not going to make much sense.
Right.
But I'm going to go over why we actually added these classes right.
So don't worry about right now.
It does make sense when you're writing all curso because those are actually classes that we need to
add if we want our culture to be working and then we'll have all the this press tab and now we have
heard and on the first things first we're going to have a image with this source on here we're going
to see images and not say we're going to use images of team number four.
So I'm going to say team number four here and we're going to have a team number where you can see them
stop.
Now we have it here.
We're going to say alternative.
We're just going to say an image like this cause it right now again this image is very big for an hour
right.
So don't worry about it we're obviously going to be actually making it smaller and after We're going
to have a block quote mark cowrote element and they are and this is going to have a paragraph and the
paragraph is going to have I.
And then we're going to say you know the golden rule right.
So we're going to say is this going to be I see or hear within the paragraph.
And then in the paragraph know this and this is going to be if they fake quote quote We're going to
say we left left or here and then we're going to press the tab.
I'm going to we're going to have a subtext.
Right.
So this is going to be blockquote here within the paragraph we're going to still add some text.
Right so this is going to be warum.
What's going on some time words right.
What he would say and then we're going to have the actual footage for a black block or so this is going
to be her and we're all going to say a customer customers know this and we're actually done with this
one right now the only thing here I may say actually is going to be a article.
So we need to actually wrap all this.
So I'm going to say article class quote press tab.
Now what I would want to do is get this going on here.
Price cut number here.
If this was actual live right over here I would want to add an article.
Right.
So still this center right then it will have some children.
And our to have one to an hour here and we're going to do all is going to change this to six.
Right.
And this is going to be image number six.
This is going to be image number five.
So right so this is going to change the image images.
Now we're going to say this and again we're going to go to Maine see this and we just need to stop it.
And then at the very end we're going out on our cause.
So we're going to we're going to have a comment.
Right.
So we're all going to say that this is going to be quote quote here and another hash tag.
And then when we're going to do will hear what is going to create some more room.
Mean once we have this one here we're going to say hash tag quote and over here we're going to say first
that this is going to be padding 40 pixels.
Right.
And then zero.
So 40 pixels top Marnham and we're going to have a background here right away we're going to have a
huge roll over here.
We're going to say quote background.
So I saved this image with the photographs.
Some would say images.
And then we're going to say where is the quote.
And we want codes back.
Right so this is going to be the image that I'm going to be using for here.
We're going to add some more stuff.
All right.
And first we're going to say that we would want it in a center right.
And again we're going to be writing it a shorthand version right.
We're going to take cover.
All right.
So Eamon should cover it and we're going to say it's going to be fixed.
I'm going to say no repeat or here on this.
Right.
So all those things that we actually wrote as a property rule we just made over here a simple one right.
I mean the way shorthand version.
Real oddly near grade end here.
And again we're going to have someone here great and this is going to be the black one.
So our GPA 0 0 0 point let's say seven right and we're here we need the next one.
So I'm going to say our GPA.
Zero zero zero point seven.
Right so pretty dark.
And don't forget to place a comma here.
And so now we have a black background and over here what we want is title heading to be different color
again.
So again we're going to say we're here that counts.
I'm going to say title adding more here like this.
And that's going to be color.
I going to say hashtag FFC.
Nine one for this.
So now I'd start working with this quote article right and let's do first the image so then we can see
everything else that we're doing.
So we're here to say class quote and I'm going to say image here and we're going to say that this is
going to be with let's say here hundred fifty pixels or right.
So now we have a with then we're going to do more here.
Imagine this.
So I'm going to say a margin and that's going to be zero 0 0 overhearing this then we want a border
radius and we're going to say 150 pixels.
Right so we're going to say a border reuse and we're going to say it's say 50 percent.
I realize now obviously what we would want to do right now is actually what we would want it if we want
to place in center where I also would want a fuller quote to text the line.
So let's go back over here and we're going to say quote here and for the code talkers say text align
center and so non-sexually sitting in the center.
And then after that we would want is a color that five three or five here and padding twenty pixels
and or year zero.
So this is going to be for the image and then will have a margin 20 pixels and zero here right.
So the same thing for the paddings and we're also getting a much now what you would want so margin is
obviously going to be in between and padding is inside here.
Right then now we would want to actually style the font awesome right.
So here what we're going to say is for the quote awesome right.
And for a paragraph and then phantasmal here is this we're this color.
Right.
So we're going to say we're here quote We're going to say something like this and we're going to say
font size 35 would say 35 pixels on this 10 and we're going to have a margin.
We're going to say margin right.
And this right this is going to be a five pixels here and then we're going to have a color right and
the color is going to be actually FFC nine for color.
And we're going to say hash tag see nine on four.
Now we need to go and check because I'm actually not selecting.
All right.
So let's go back over here.
Let's go to the next and see where it is actually my match up right now.
I have a f a.
You can see I didn't delete this right.
So now I have all here this my quote and the same thing over here.
Right so very quote.
Now you can see that what we were actually doing right so we had to find that some.
And we were actually adding a color to it.
Right.
So here this was called left and then we have somewhere in one more.
So here is this is going to be the same thing.
Right.
So now we have a class of font Awesomes and then we're going to have a font size margin right and car.
Now we're done with this.
The last rule we're going to have is going to be for paragraph and for the quote paragraph quote here
paragraph what we would want is over here pretty simple right.
So here we're going to say a line height 1.5 and this will have a with I would say we're going to say
80 80 percent here and that margin let's say 10 pixels and we're going to say Arto like this.
Now if you're wondering why we're not doing anything responsibly because actually the all cursor is
going to take care of this.
All right.
So for now this is going to look like this.
And once we add a how.
So he's going to make everything responsive here.
Right.
So let's go ahead and let's add all colors.